Update documentation for `developer installation` in `for_dev.rst` (#1842)
ManimCommunity/manim: docs/source/installation/for_dev.rst

For Developers with Poetry (Recommended)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Why we recommend using poetry ?

> Because Poetry is a tool for dependency management and packaging in Python. It allows you to declare the libraries your project depends on and it will manage (install/update) them for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Poetry is a tool for dependency management and packaging in Python. It allows to
declare the libraries a project depends on and it will manage (install/update) them
for you. In addition, Poetry provides a simple interface for managing virtual environments.
```

> Please follow this guide `Poetry's installation guidelines
> <https://python-poetry.org/docs/master/#installation>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please follow `Poetry's installation guidelines <https://python-poetry.org/docs/master/#installation>`_
in order to get Poetry up and running on your system.
```

For Developers with Poetry (Recommended)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Please follow this guide `docs on installation - python poetry
> <https://python-poetry.org/docs/master/#installation>`_.

Reviewer: The reference should be an actual sentence.

```suggestion
Please follow `Poetry's installation guidelines <https://python-poetry.org/docs/master/#installation>`_.
```
